a new innovative experiment for pruning trees in the middle
forest in my mind is realized from a helicopter located at
end of a mechanical arm and the thermal machine tool consisting of the
justice
for hervé hatt to pruning the lever state important in our plans to
maintenance and maintenance of electrical networks
in wooded departments
which is part of the fall for a rate of ECB nearly 50% afforestation
the fall is unique from the gazelle been decided to bring we bring a
complementary offer
and for performance for technip and classic luggage while others
benefits for example it allows us to create two parts another of the
line a plant wall
which protects the line from projections of branches
it also allows us lakes and trees any author of trees
who are actually currently inaccessible agent by their
situation by pruners that a little with a device of this type this
technical war allows about 6km baggage directory for a
classic business like this
who could do the baggage with unencrypted techniques
one to one his 4 5 km and luggage it would not take me to reach the
trample on
it is a flying mower allows both a high accuracy a speed
amazing
it's the same time
service improvement
this is important for ds and for the elect
the number of nights beginning of the summit
the lavier
it is above me a parade
the best public service